First reqs and software installation
Downloading necessary source from suckless or onw repo
Creating bin folder for binaries
Compiling, or creating an own repo with the already built binaries (with necessary patches)
After that ricing Vim, Tmux, dir-listing, GTK-3, GTK-2, fonts, QT.. ________
Setting up bashrc, compton, ranger, xinitrc, Xresources, Xdefaults  ________|-----> for these stuff a dot file repo should be created
maybe setting up Firefox theme (maybe cant be automatized)
fancygit bash
Lightdm should be used as DM. But for now I just decided to to use any DM.
Screen lock also necessary. Slock will be used. Key combination should be added to dwm to lock it and should check for themes.

Important Note: Keep all stuff in user home folder where possible (I wont keep the binaries there, I rather install it on the system.)


TODO
Custom repos that I should create: st, dwm, dmenu, dwmblocks, dotfiles
Repo for slock. 
Put Lock symbol on slcok.
I should add the binaries of compiled file to .gitingore.
Patch dwm to autoright and maybe autorun - Assignrightandbelow patched, autorun is not necessary yet.
-dmenu center
vim autocempletion (file and development too, supertab)
Suckless tool should be located under .config (ex. .config/Suckless/dmenu)
Slock: the monitor should be sent to sleep after a certain amount of time.

Video and sound card drivers should be installed properly.
For sound it seems alsa will be enough for my usage, pulseaudio is not necessary. - commment: maybe pusleaudio (pavucontrol mainly) will be necessary for chosing the proper profile (I did not find how to do it with alsa only)
I will not need network manager tray either.
If certain settings will be necessary for sound or network, then alsamixer and nmtui should be used for easier setup.
Xbacklight will be necesseray for backlight control and for backlight and sound settings change a key combination should be added to dwm config.
Sent should be also considered.
PDF viewer is necessary (zathura maybe)
Transparency should be done through compton directly or via and programs. (Now I think it should be done in the config of compton)
Maybe surf should be also used for certain purposes.
Using zsh or Termite is also considerable for visual mode in terminal mode.
I will need something for creating screenshots, maybe scrot
It would be really great if i could make the fucking vertical lines disappear on powerline and fancygit in st. It almost works perfectly with termite.
MPV for media player should be added. I would not use the many functions of vlc.
For building software like mpv it is a good idea to have a dokcer for building building purposes only.
I try to keep installed only thoe softwares which can be installed from the official Debian repo (except Spotify). 
I sould try avoiding third party repos. Software which require build should not be installed just for the user (except Suckless softwares - easier to maintain with build)
